1. A
2. D
3. B
4. D
5. C
6. B
7. B
8. A
9. C

10. Normal distribution, also known as the Gaussian distribution, is a probability distribution that is symmetric about the mean, showing that data near the mean are     more frequent in occurrence than data far from the mean. 
    In graph form, normal distribution will appear as a bell curve.
    68% of values are within 1 standard deviation of the mean
    95% of values are within 2 standard deviations of the mean
    99.7% of values are within 3 standard deviations of the mean


11. Handle the missing data with the help of various techniques 
    1. Stochastic regression imputation
    2. Extrapolation and Interpolation
    3. Hot-Deck imputation,
    4. Imputation Using Deep Learning (Datawig)
    5. Imputation Using Multivariate
    6. Imputation by Chained Equation (MICE)
    7. Imputation Using k-NN 
    8. Imputation Using (Most Frequent) or (Zero/Constant) Values
    9. Imputation Using (Mean/Median) Values

    there is no perfect way to compensate for the missing values in a dataset. Each strategy can perform better for certain datasets and missing data types but may         perform much worse on other types of datasets. So i will recommend apply these technique according to dataset.






12. An AB test is an example of statistical hypothesis testing, a process whereby a hypothesis is made about the relationship between two data sets and those data sets     are then compared against each other to determine if there is a statistically significant relationship or not.


13. Bad practice in general
    If just estimating means: mean imputation preserves the mean of the observed data
    Leads to an underestimate of the standard deviation
    Distorts relationships between variables by “pulling” estimates of the correlation toward zero





14. Simple linear regression is a statistical method that allows us to summarize and study relationships between two continuous (quantitative) variables:

   * Linear regression is the next step up after correlation. 
   * It is used when we want to predict the value of a variable based on the value of another variable. 
   * The variable we want to predict is called the dependent variable (or sometimes, the outcome variable). 
   * The variable we are using to predict the other variable's value is called the independent variable (or sometimes, the predictor variable).
   *   X = a+bY
   *   ∑X = Na + b∑Y 
   *   ∑XY=a∑Y+b∑Y2



15. Branches of Statistics -
    a) Descriptive - deals with the presentation and collection of data. It includes outliers, spread of data, range, interquartile range, variance, standard               deviation, histogram, center limit theorem, z-score, probability and distribution

    b) Inferential - as the name suggests, involves drawing the right conclusions from the statistical analysis that has been performed using descriptive statistics.
       It includes correlation, chi-square test, various types of t-test, hypothesis testing, confidence intervals and margin of error